
    $Id: README,v 1.6 2003/08/29 02:44:27 finley Exp $

"SoftEnv" is part of Msys, the MCS Systems Administration Toolkit.
For more information, see http://www.mcs.anl.gov/systems/software. 

Copyright (c) University of Chicago 1999.  
See the COPYRIGHT file in the distribution for details on the copyright.

Overview
--------
SoftEnv is designed to automatically generate environment variables for the
user's shells based on how software packages are installed in the larger
system.  It does this by reading the user's "SOFTENVRC" file and then creating
shell scripts that are automatically read by the user's startup shells.

History and Current Version
---------------------------
SoftEnv was originally written at Northeastern University by Robert Leslie
and Remy Evard.  At the time, it was called "Soft", and sometimes
"Software".  It was later installed at Argonne National Lab, where it
outscaled the original design plans and became very unwieldy.  Joe Bester
rewrote it as version to 5.01, added some much-needed features, and
partially installed it, using the ".software-beta" file on some of the
archictures.

Remy wrote version 5.1 in an attempt to get it installed on every system in
the same way at Argonne.  As a side effect, he essentially rewrote all the
code and developed some new base algorithms, and also wanted a project name
that was a bit more distinctive than "Soft", so renamed the whole mess
to "SoftEnv", and restarted version numbers at 0.9.

Sometime in the process, Remy realized that he had barely any time to work
on coding.  At 0.9.1, he gave the work to Alan Bailey, a student working
at Argonne.  Alan finished up the work that Remy had left off, and
developed SoftEnv 1.2.0, which is now installed everywhere at Argonne.
SoftEnv 1.3.0 was developed after that.

Docs
----
See the docs/ directory of the distribution for further documentation on
the makings of the system.  Specifically, softenv-intro and softenv-admin
will be very helpful if you are just starting out with this utility.

Installation
------------
See INSTALL file for installation instructions.

Support
-------
The MCS Systems Group is a team of systems administrators, not software
developers.  Our first responsibility is to support the MCS user community,
and code release and support is accomplished only as we can find time,
which is rare.  This program has no warranty, and we can make no promises
as to whether or not it will work.  You assume all risk when using this
code.
